Clarification for group related task support (#101315)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/governance/lifecycle-workflow-tasks.md

|displayName     | Run a Custom Task Extension (Customizable by user)        |
|description     |  Run a Custom Task Extension to call-out to an external system. (Customizable by user)      |
|taskDefinitionId     |   "d79d1fcc-16be-490c-a865-f4533b1639ee      |

> |argument     |  Argument contains a name parameter that is the "LogicAppURL", and a value parameter that is the Logic App HTTP trigger.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|argument     |  Argument contains a name parameter that is the "customTaskExtensionID", and a value parameter that is the ID of the previously created extension that contains information about the Logic App.    |
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks Jak!

            "taskDefinitionId": "d79d1fcc-16be-490c-a865-f4533b1639ee",
            "arguments": [
                {

>                     "name": "CustomTaskExtensionID",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    "name": "customTaskExtensionID",
```
